CASSANDRA-16488 added docs for Plausible deployment (#38)
apache/cassandra-builds: plausible/README.adoc

== Analytics for Cassandra Web

This document serves as a guide for anybody who wants to re/deploy https://plausible.io/[Plausible].

=== Overview of the current deployment

Plausible is currently deployed on t2.medium instance in AWS EC2, it runs on Debian 10 Buster and
it has Elastic IP 3.124.255.5 (stays after restarts). Plausible runs in Docker Compose and it is
secured by HTTPS. Certificates for HTTPS are obtained from Let's Encrypt and they are
automatically renewed after expiration. There is nginx reverse proxy in front of Plausible as
the other Docker Compose deployment.

Plausible service is hosted under https://www.instaclustr.com[Instaclustr]'s account. Please contact
stefan dot miklosovic at instaclustr dot com for any related questions / issues.

Domain `plausible.cassandra.apache.org` points to 3.124.255.5. Please contact gmcdonald at apache dot org for
any related questions / issues.

> For the access to all credentials (PEM to ssh to that box, logins to Plausible etc), please contact
> mck at apache dot org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the access to all credentials (PEM to ssh to that box, logins to Plausible etc), please contact
someone on the PMC, as credentials are stored in the private subversion repository.
```

$ cd nginx-certbox
----

Follow the https://github.com/wmnnd/nginx-certbot[readme] of nginx-certbox repo. You need to change
`domains` in `init-letsencrypt.sh` script to `domains=(plausible.cassandra.apache.org)`.

Next, modify `data/nginx/app.conf`, change `server_name` to `plausible.cassandra.apache.org` for
both 80 and 443 case and change paths to certificates.

`proxy_pass` field of `location /` for server listening to port 443 should be set to `http://plausible:8000/;`.
`plausible` in this address points to name of a service of Docker compose we will setup afterwards.

This will generate HTTPS certificates, please be sure that you have 80 and 443 port open.

----
$ ./init-letsencrypt.sh
$ docker-compose up -d
----

`data/nginx/app.conf` file with described changes is also in the same directory as this document for reference.

==== Setup of Plausible

----
$ git clone https://github.com/plausible/hosting
$ cd hosting
----

The main configuration file is `plausible-conf.env`

----
ADMIN_USER_EMAIL=stefan.miklosovic@instaclustr.com
ADMIN_USER_NAME=admin
ADMIN_USER_PWD=you will log in with this password under ADMIN_USER_EMAIL
BASE_URL=https://plausible.cassandra.apache.org/

> SECRET_KEY_BASE=fMHBLyITacfbah4DF7qvnPydAkiE6h1cbNRbv0jDZzJ3q61uNyZ173Epx9pPVPkn

Reviewer: is this ok to be public? and if not, I think we need to now rotate it…

Author: I rotated it and changed docs a bit.
